and then there's the other guys stop
humming that song all the car chases all
the six we don't want to have with women
but we have to I'll do to what you guys
do and we do it again and again real
characters yeah
what no chance you wanna bone that call
no chance
what are you doing let's go we're going
that call we deaf is your only release
oh we got a second job bar oh look he's
fine no investor David Hirsh on has been
accused of pilfering 32 billion dollars
this is our time the city's dying for
here oh hi who are you
I'm his wife it's a ball and chain
come on seriously who is that it's my
wife not a little work it's a
yo Ukraine buff sit tight and just see
who's there
other guys listen my little sugar balls
don't get hurt
these are waiting for you forget back
home they are perky and they are firm
and they're yours very nice lady